---
title : "Tensorflow, Keras Installation in PyCharm on CentOS 7"
date: 2019-08-12
categories: CentOS, Tensorflow, Keras, Cuda
---

Files(Polkitd, Policy Kit? I don't know what is it) in my computer suddenly has broken so I reinstalled Cent OS 7, set up Nvidia driver, Cuda and Pycharm. (But I didnt installed Korean keyboard layout :( so I am writing the post in english) 

There are many ways to install the nvidia driver, pycharm, cuda online so I need to write here them.

Tensorflow version is 1.14 and Cuda version is 10.0. (If you installed 10.1 version cuda, you should remove that and install 10.0 version cuda. That is recommendation in documentation.)

PyCharm is installed latest version and finally Keras is 2.3.1.
(In addition, numpy version is 1.16.5. Higher 1.17 can introduce some problem.)

After installation of Cuda, Tensorflow, Keras, if you execute the classify code like Xception you can receive error message. Probably, the problem comes from that not linking PyCharm and Cuda library. So in terminal of PyCharm, you should type command like this:
```
[xintos@localhost Cancer-Classification]$ sudo ldconfig /usr/local/cuda-10.0/lib64
[sudo] password for xintos: 
[xintos@localhost Cancer-Classification]$ 
```

Then, linking Cuda libraries and Pycharm can be successful but there is another error I can receive.
I got the error message that Graphviz is not installed in projects. Surely, I installed the Graphviz through Project Interpreter in PyCharm but it is not working.
The Graphviz has to be installed through yum grobally not Project Interpreter in PyCharm.


